updating README in preparation for matlab-actions/setup-matlab@v2 (#88)
matlab-actions/setup-matlab: README.md

# Action for Setting Up MATLAB

> The [Setup MATLAB](#set-up-matlab) action enables you to run MATLAB&reg; code and Simulink&reg; models with a specific version of MATLAB. When you specify this action as part of your workflow, the action sets up your preferred MATLAB release (R2021a or later) on a Linux&reg;, Windows&reg;, or macOS&reg; virtual machine. If you do not specify a release, the action sets up the latest release of MATLAB. As part of the setup process, the action prepends MATLAB to the system PATH environment variable.

Reviewer: Not necessarily limited to a virtual machine.

```suggestion
The [Setup MATLAB](#set-up-matlab) action enables you to run MATLAB&reg; code and Simulink&reg; models with a specific version of MATLAB. When you specify this action as part of your workflow, the action sets up your preferred MATLAB release (R2021a or later) on a Linux&reg;, Windows&reg;, or macOS&reg; GitHub runner. If you do not specify a release, the action sets up the latest release of MATLAB. As part of the setup process, the action prepends MATLAB to the system PATH environment variable.
```

## Usage Examples
Once you set up MATLAB on a runner, you can build and test your MATLAB project as part of your workflow. To execute code on the runner, include the [Run MATLAB Build](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-build/), [Run MATLAB Tests](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-tests/), or [Run MATLAB Command](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-command/) action in your workflow.

### Run MATLAB Build on GitHub-Hosted Runner

> Use a [GitHub&reg;-hosted runner](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/hosting-your-own-runners/managing-self-hosted-runners/about-self-hosted-runners) to run a task and its depended-on tasks that are specified in a file named `buildfile.m` in the root of your repository. Because the `"test"` task in this example runs the tests authored using the MATLAB unit testing framework as well as Simulink Test&trade;, you must set up Simulink and Simulink Test in addition to MATLAB. To run tasks using the MATLAB build tool, include the [Run MATLAB Build](https://github.com/matlab-actions/run-build/) action in your workflow.

Reviewer 2: Should probably link to https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners/about-github-hosted-runners instead of the self-hosted runner doc

          command: myscript
```

> ### Run MATLAB Build on Different Platforms

Reviewer: "on" -> "across"?

> The **Setup MATLAB** action supports the Linux, Windows, and macOS platforms. Define a matrix of job configurations to run a build using the MALTAB build tool on all the supported platforms. This workflow runs three jobs, one for each value in the variable `os`. For more information about matrices, see [Using a matrix for your jobs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Setup MATLAB** action supports the Linux, Windows, and macOS platforms. Define a matrix of job configurations to run a build using the MATLAB build tool on all the supported platforms. This workflow runs three jobs, one for each value in the variable `os`. For more information about matrices, see [Using a matrix for your jobs](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-jobs/using-a-matrix-for-your-jobs). 
```
